anas_platyrhynchos.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
anolis_carolinensis.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
bos_taurus.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
caenorhabditis_elegans.ensgene.tsv - mirbase_accession - emptycol
caenorhabditis_elegans.ensgene.tsv - embl - emptycol
caenorhabditis_elegans.ensgene.tsv - mirbase_id - emptycol
caenorhabditis_elegans.ensgene.tsv - hgnc_symbol - emptycol
caenorhabditis_elegans.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
caenorhabditis_elegans.ensgene.tsv - refseq - emptycol
caenorhabditis_elegans.ensgene.tsv - synonym - emptycol
callithrix_jacchus.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
chlorocebus_sabaeus.ensgene.tsv - mirbase_accession - emptycol
chlorocebus_sabaeus.ensgene.tsv - mirbase_id - emptycol
chlorocebus_sabaeus.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
chlorocebus_sabaeus.ensgene.tsv - synonym - emptycol
ciona_intestinalis.ensgene.tsv - hgnc_symbol - emptycol
ciona_intestinalis.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
ciona_savignyi.ensgene.tsv - hgnc_symbol - emptycol
ciona_savignyi.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
ciona_savignyi.ensgene.tsv - refseq - emptycol
ciona_savignyi.ensgene.tsv - synonym - emptycol
danio_rerio.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
dasypus_novemcinctus.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
drosophila_melanogaster.ensgene.tsv - hgnc_symbol - emptycol
drosophila_melanogaster.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
drosophila_melanogaster.ensgene.tsv - refseq - emptycol
drosophila_melanogaster.ensgene.tsv - synonym - emptycol
equus_caballus.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
felis_catus.ensgene.tsv - mirbase_accession - emptycol
felis_catus.ensgene.tsv - mirbase_id - emptycol
felis_catus.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
gallus_gallus.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
gorilla_gorilla.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
macaca_mulatta.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
monodelphis_domestica.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
mus_musculus.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
ornithorhynchus_anatinus.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
oryctolagus_cuniculus.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
ovis_aries.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
pan_troglodytes.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
papio_anubis.ensgene.tsv - mirbase_accession - emptycol
papio_anubis.ensgene.tsv - mirbase_id - emptycol
papio_anubis.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
pongo_abelii.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
rattus_norvegicus.ensgene.tsv - hgnc_symbol - emptycol
rattus_norvegicus.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
saccharomyces_cerevisiae.ensgene.tsv - mirbase_accession - emptycol
saccharomyces_cerevisiae.ensgene.tsv - mirbase_id - emptycol
saccharomyces_cerevisiae.ensgene.tsv - hgnc_symbol - emptycol
saccharomyces_cerevisiae.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
saccharomyces_cerevisiae.ensgene.tsv - refseq - emptycol
sus_scrofa.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
tetraodon_nigroviridis.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
tetraodon_nigroviridis.ensgene.tsv - refseq - emptycol
tetraodon_nigroviridis.ensgene.tsv - synonym - emptycol
xenopus_tropicalis.ensgene.tsv - ensfamily_description - emptycol
